Class Prez, want to catch a movie
with me and Mao Mao?
I heard that action movie
is super thrilling and touching.
- It's a must-watch!
- Aren't you playing basketball with us?
- What basketball?
- Why aren't you inviting us to the movie?
-
Hang on, aren't you staying back
to decorate the classroom with me?
-
- Come to the movie!
- Play basketball with us!
We already bought everything.
- The movie!
- How about this?
From 5:30 to 6:30,
I'll decorate the classroom with you.
-
From 6:30 to 7:30, I'll play with you guys.
After that, I'll watch the movie
with you bunch.
- Deal?
- Of course!
And it's Saturday tomorrow.
We can hang out past midnight.
Have supper, too! Supper!
I bet you're all thirsty.
I'll treat you to drinks, cool?
Sure.
Thanks, Class Prez.
You're the best.
- What movie are we watching?
- What do you want to watch?
Chen Hao Wei.
I want to watch the movie with you, too.
How do you know about that?
I'm in the group chat with Mao Mao.
But they didn't say anything
about the place and time.
- I can tell you.
- Hey, text me.
-
I'll add your contact.
I have a question.
What's that person in your class called...
He's a wallflower. Super weird guy.
-
His results are always last,
but he's trying to stand out.
But what's his name?
He Xiang Yong.
Thanks.
I sent you a sticker, check it.
Sure.
Why have you come to Starry Islet
to look for him?
- Actually, I...
- Who did this?
Who made this bitter gourd black tea?
Didn't you say she didn't bring anyone along?
Who are you...
Only He Xiang Yong knows I drink
bittergourd tea when I'm stuck.
Why do you know?
I also get anxiety.
When I'm anxious, I also...
I read it in a book.
Bittergourd black tea helps reduce anxiety.
-
So, I made some for you.
I get you.
So, you're Xi Xi?
No.
You're wearing...
What's wrong?
Did all of you see?
Calm down.
No, we didn't see anything.
Chen Hao Wei, hear me out.
-
Did you see a furious, infuriated lady?
- Yeah.
- That's right.
-
What about a lady running about
with checkered panties?
- Well, she...
- Look at me.
-
One more question.
Did you see a lady without makeup
and totally disheveled
but she looks just like Xi Xi?
- Nope.
- Great.
- I saw nothing!
- Perfect, you didn't see anyone.
I think Xi Xi will be hungry later.
Let's see if the kitchen has ingredients
to cook something for her.
Great idea.
Yeah, come on.
I bought groceries. So...
-
Well...
It's okay. I'm fine.
-
- She really is Xi Xi?
- Yeah.
How long does she take
to leave the house on a regular day?
[Ladder Steps]
[Focus! Stop slacking!]
Strange.
I'm connected to the internet.
[Focus! Stop slacking!]
[Hama-chan]
-
He's gone missing for days.
He doesn't even come for shaved ice.
[Angelamama]
Hey.
- Hey.
I thought my phone was broken.
I really can't figure you out.
Which one's really broken?
Your phone or your head?
You've been on your phone the whole morning.
I wasn't.
I just think my phone's lost its signal.
No signal? Let me see.
It's super strong, great signal.
Fine, I get it.
You're waiting for a call.
No, I'm not.
I'm not waiting for texts either.
-
Didn't I tell you?
You can't wait for customers to appear.
You have to invite them over.
It's the same with everything else.
In life, you have to be more proactive.
Are you very proactive?
Whenever Xiao Hai's here,
wasn't I very enthusiastic,
greeting him with a huge smile?
Yes, sure.
Recently, he hasn't been coming here.
Who cares? He can live his own life.
-
Oh, I guess so.
Did you two have a fight?
D-Don't be so gossipy!
- Get to work.
- I am working.
Fine, I spread the word.
I know.
Your phone isn't broken.
The taro balls are going
to be ruined, get over here!
All right. I'm also about to break apart!
-
Only He Xiang Yong knows I drink
bittergourd tea when I'm stuck.
Why do you know?
Did I?
1, 4, 2, 8, 5, 7.
What caterpillars?
Not asleep yet?
I'm reading.
- You left it here?
- Yep, it's my collection.
-
Why is it there?
- Aren't you scared?
- What's so scary about a caterpillar?
-
Turn the lights off later.
Why are you shivering?
I'm cold from taking a cold shower.
It's fake.
You can do it.
Nothing scary about it.
But Chen Hao Wei is real.
Really annoying.
I'm such an idiot.
What am I thinking?
How can they be the same person?
Watch your step.
We're glad to have you on Starry Islet!
Hope you had fun here!
Did you forget something?
"A Promise Beyond Time".
What promise?
The publishing house like such simple titles.
But my editor prefers the titles
we brainstormed together.
"Sweets, Seeds, Prophecy Diaries."
She's super famous.
"Hunter's Gentle Vacation,"
"Sweets, Seeds, Prophecy Diaries,"
"Goddess Zandeer" are all her works.
I love her comics.
You're my idol.
You're He Xiang Yong, aren't you?
Yes. No!
-
I'm his friend.
He mentioned that book to me before.
I heard that it's a top seller. Congrats.
No matter how one's appearance changes,
their soul remains the same.
You even know about secrets
I'll never reveal to anyone.
What happened to you?
Why do you look different?
I don't know how to explain this...
But... do you believe that shooting stars
can make wishes come true?
Very interesting.
Tell me more.
I just made a wish without much thought.
Who knew it'd come true?
I woke up the next day and nobody recognizes me now.
-
I'm also trying to figure things out.
So, you can't revert to your old self?
Am I any different?
I feel like I'm still my old self.
How was I at the publishing house?
Wait, but how did you recognize me?
A gift.
Thanks.
Thank you.
I don't like chatting.
Being my editor is tough.
But you never complained.
You're just like Starry Islet.
Filled with energy and warmth.
Starry Islet deserves more attention.
You.
He Xiang Yong.
You also deserve to shine bright.
You don't have to send me all the way.
Bye.
[Embrace your broken past self
to become a better you]
Zhong.
Have you seen Xiao Hai lately?
- Who?
- Xiao Hai.
Have you seen him?
He hasn't come back
after taking a few days of leave.
I'm looking for him.
Him? Taking days off?
That's impossible.
De.
We're here for the beer.
Xiang Yong.
Xiang Yong. Candy.
-
Your favourite watermelon candy.
Hong, you've got the wrong person.
Hong.
You think he's Xiang Yong, too?
Plum candy. Yours.
-
Not now, thanks. Answer me first.
You think he's Xiang Yong too, right?
Thanks, Hong.
Aren't the shooting stars
on Starry Islet super gorgeous?
They're magical, too.
They can make wishes come true.
Do you know what happens
after wishes come true?
People will...
But love will remain.
You sure you don't want watermelon candy?
Thanks, madam.
Thanks. Come back again.
Oh, Mr. Li!
What grand mission are you on?
Why don't I see you around?
Nah, it's just that someone's missing.
- Can't find them.
- Gone missing? Do we need to call the police?
I...
What if... he doesn't want to see me?
Won't that be so embarrassing?
Ugh, I'm annoyed when he's around.
And I'm annoyed when he's gone.
If you could choose...
Would you rather see him or not see him?
See him, of course.
Congrats, you like him.
No way, I can't be in love with Hama-chan.
Impossible.
Hama-chan.
This isn't a fight, it's a tiff.
Wait, Mom! You've misunderstood.
I want to see him
because I want to beat him up.
I don't like him.
Fine, then go and beat him up.
He's waiting for you at home.
-
- Your green bean shaved ice with taro balls is here.
- He's here?
-
Hamaguchi Aomi!
I'm going to wallop you!
Yes?
Welcome.
Have a seat here.
Please.
Take a seat.
All right.
Charcoal toast sandwich
from Yancheng District, Kaohsiung,
Squid vermicelli from Guohua Street, Tainan,
Vinegar cold noodles
from Wenhua Street, Chiayi,
Fried oysters from Wanggong Fishing Port.
Jute leaves soup from Taichung's second market,
Rolled wraps from Hsinchu's City God Temple,
Pork knuckle rice
from Siping Street, New Taipei.
Here, everything you wanted to eat.
Are you insane? You really went to get them?
I didn't buy everything.
I made some.
Like jute leaves soup. It was sold out.
-
So, I shamelessly begged
to buy the ingredients.
After that, I cooked it.
Eat up.
Is this why you took days off?
How did you know?
Are you actually concerned about me?
Hell no.
I'm not as heartless as you.
You just vanished.
You went to buy stuff,
not disappear into a black hole.
Sorry.
I had to visit many cities.
Time was tight.
Most importantly, I wanted to surprise you.
Go on.
Does it taste good?
- Delicious.
- Okay.
[Jute Leaves Soup]
[I Like You]
-
[Fried Oysters]
[I Like You]
-
You...
I made things hard for you on purpose.
Why take it so seriously?
If you need anything,
want to eat anything or drink anything,
-
or want to go anywhere, just ring this bell.
I'll appear right away.
Here.
As long as you're involved, I'll do my best.
-
Idiot.
So, have I passed the test?
What about the Heizhuyuan chicken feet,
stinky tofu from Heping Street,
and garlic meat soup
from Taishan Road, Yilan?
Sorry, I'll make it up to you right away.
Are you crazy?
Yes!
What is it?
Water? Coming right up!
Quick, I'm dying of thirst.
Okay. Sorry.
Here you go.
Thanks.
Is any one there?
Hello.
- Give me a second.
- Okay.
Hello.
- Are you Mr. Jin?
- Yeah.
Could I have your ID?
Sure.
Thanks. Feel free to take a look around first.
Chen Hao Wei.
Why are there guests?
I let them in. What's wrong?
-
Didn't you see my note?
There'll be a fishing tour coming.
We can't take in new guests.
What note?
- Where's my note?
- What note?
My sticky note!
Why isn't it here?
Where did it go?
Over here. It fell to the ground.
Hubby, you picked such a great place.
I booked it just for this.
Mr. Jin, Mrs. Jin.
Yes?
I'm really sorry,
we had a slight miscommunication.
The rooms today have been fully booked.
What do you mean? So, we can't check in?
- We booked a room ages ago.
- So what if you're fully booked?
Yeah, you can't check in.
- You can.
- But our booking was processed ages ago.
You can have a room. Give me a moment.
I did check with them!
I called over.
They said it was fine.
Wait, where do we stay now?
Let me contact Amicable Inn.
I'm sure they have a room. Hang on.
-
But we want to stay here.
I'm sorry, but we're full today.
[Client - Mr. Lin]]
But we booked a long time ago.
Hey, Madam Jiao.
This is Home is He-re, I'm Xiao You.
Do you have rooms available there?
1, 4, 2, 8, 5, 7.
- Great. I have guests here.
- Aren't you an elite student?
-
Such a lame mistake.
So, you just used up Mr. Lin's money?
1, 4, 2, 8, 5, 7.
Chen Hao Wei, my money.
You should be the ones taking responsibility.
- We were really excited.
- We booked ages ago.
- Chen Hao Wei.
- Yeah?
Didn't you see my note?
There'll be a fishing tour coming.
We can't take in new guests.
50 centimeters straight ahead.
There's a yellow sign on the left.
1, 4, 2, 8, 5, 7.
It's fine.
Chen Hao Wei.
Chen Hao Wei, where are you going?
Chen Hao Wei, where...
Chen Hao Wei!
Chen Hao Wei! Stop running!
Where are you running to?
Chen Hao Wei!
I'll talk to Mr. He.
I'll bear the losses for this.
It's fine.
You didn't mean to do it.
We can bear the consequences together.
I'll take responsibility for my own mistakes.
That's my principal.
All right.
You can take tomorrow off.
Stop smiling.
Be sad when you're sad.
You don't have to smile through life.
I'm really fine.
Let's head to bed then.
But what happened just now?
Actually...
I get panic attacks.
You're too tensed up.
It's a surprise.
You're so cheerful around everyone.
But you have such a huge burden.
I thought my life was the worst,
but after hearing you out,
I think I'm pretty blessed.
You know, about your issue.
Is there no other solution besides medication?
Running, I guess.
When I run, I won't
think about all those stuff.
What if you get muscle cramps?
Are you even listening?
I'm talking about how horrible my life is.
But what are you saying?
Fine, I'll share something else.
You know, when I was working,
I had a colleague who cried every day.
I really pitied and felt bad for him.
After that, I'd place tissue boxes in every corner he'd go.
-
- Does he have depression?
- Yeah.
-
But panic attacks aren't like depression.
Oh, true.
Listen, depression is suffering from
protracted periods of sadness.
Anxiety can relapse at any moment.
Get it now?
Yep.
So, when you see me running, don't stop me.
But you almost ran into the sea today.
I planned on turning back.
Forget it, I regret sharing this with you.
All right.
We can stop talking about this.
How about I tell you a joke?
Do you know why campus security
is always laughing?
Why?
Because he's caught a funny bug.
That's not funny.
What will Judy get if she works too hard?
Over exhaustion?
A Judy good time in the hospital.
I'll tell you a joke.
One day, Xiao Ming and Xiao Hua
went horse riding.
While they were riding,
Xiao Ming told Xiao Hua,
"Hey, hold on!"
After that, Xiao Hua told Xiao Ming,
"Yeah, I'm holding my horses!"
And then, he fell off a cliff.
Look, funny, right?
What will happen to penguins
if they run out of breath?
Penguins running out of breath?
What'll happen to them?
They'll start asking, "Waddle I do?"
That's such a bad joke.
What do toilet papers love to do?
Whose house doesn't have a telephone lines?
Roll on!
Seashells, because they use shell phones!
He!
Chen Hao Wei!
Turn off the alarm.
Sorry, it's mine.
Sorry for interrupting.
Have you seen Mr. He?
You can't possibly have seen him
if you just woke up.
- I'll look for him.
- Wait, Mr. Hua.
-
- Don't worry.
- It's not what you think.
Old rules. I get it.
It might've been too cold yesterday.
Be careful.
I've never been here. Bye.
I'll brush my teeth first.
So, you're here! I've been looking for you!
Why are you so drunk?
Didn't you leave the island
to look for your son?
Another fight?
If he knows I've made this decision,
he'll come running back for a fight.
What decision?
Well?
I'm selling the house.
[Epilogue]
I really suck at basketball.
I always lose to you.
My luck's just good this time.
Maybe you'll win next time.
Having fun with friends is most important.
Winning and losing doesn't matter.
Yeah, you're right.
Besides, your hands aren't for basketball.
You have Takehiko Inoue's hands.
- Help me.
- Okay, hang on.
-
Up I go.
Get up there.
Chen Hao Wei.
I think I forgot to grab something.
What is it? I'll get it for you.
It's fine, don't bother.
I'll head back to get something.
Caterpillars?
Are you scared of caterpillars?
What caterpillars?
Look, cockroaches over there.
Don't lie to me.
5 million as compensation?
Mr. President.
Sorry, I'm just the manager.
Photograph this dangerous building too.
Let's see how we can alter it.
Do you know these are ruins?
I think you're really clueless.
Maybe you shouldn't invest in property.
I finally found you.
I won't let go ever again.
He Xiang Yong.